README.md, before:

# Learning Tracker

Tracking my technical skills, my coding projects, my course work, and helpful resources for learning web development and computer programming to plan, document, and share my progress.

Learning logs:
[April 2020](https://github.com/SabineEmden/learning-tracker/blob/master/learning-logs/2020April.md) |
[March 2020](https://github.com/SabineEmden/learning-tracker/blob/master/learning-logs/2020March.md) |
[February 2020](https://github.com/SabineEmden/learning-tracker/blob/master/learning-logs/2020February.md)

## Technical Skills

| Skill                 | Level                |
| --------------------- | -------------------- |
| HTML                  | :bulb: :bulb: :bulb: |
| CSS                   | :bulb: :bulb:        |
| JavaScript            | :bulb:               |
| Astro                 | :bulb:               |
| Responsive Web Design | :bulb: :bulb:        |
| Web Accessibility     | :bulb: :bulb:        |
| Command Line          | :bulb: :bulb:        |
| Git                   | :bulb: :bulb:        |
| GitHub                | :bulb: :bulb:        |
| Figma                 | :bulb:               |
| Agile Methodologies   | :bulb:               |

## Coding Projects

### Portfolio Website

_Completed_

https://sabineemden.github.io

Design and implement a responsive website for a minimum of two platforms while adhering to validation and accessibility standards.

Skills used: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap 4, responsive web design, web accessibility

Course project: Web Design for Everybody Capstone

[GitHub repository](https://github.com/SabineEmden/SabineEmden.github.io)

## Coursework

### The Odin Project

- [x] Foundations
  - [x] Introduction
  - [x] Prerequisites
  - [x] Git Basics
  - [x] HTML Foundations
    - [x] Project: [Recipes](https://github.com/SabineEmden/odin-recipes)
  - [x] CSS Foundations
  - [x] Flexbox
    - [x] Project: [Landing Page](https://github.com/SabineEmden/odin-landing-page)
  - [x] JavaScript Basics
    - [x] Project: [Rock Paper Scissors](https://github.com/SabineEmden/rock-paper-scissors)
    - [x] Project: [Etch-a-Sketch](https://github.com/SabineEmden/etch-a-sketch)
    - [x] Project: [Calculator](https://github.com/SabineEmden/calculator)
  - [x] Conclusion
- [ ] Intermediate HTML and CSS
  - [x] Intermediate HTML Concepts
  - [x] Intermediate CSS Concepts
  - [x] Forms
    - [x] Project: [Sign-up Form](https://github.com/SabineEmden/odin-sign-up-form)
  - [ ] Grid
    - [ ] Project: Admin Dashboard
- [ ] JavaScript
  - [ ] Introduction
  - [ ] Organizing Your JavaScript Code
    - [ ] Project: Library
    - [ ] Project: Tic Tac Toe
    - [ ] Project: Restaurant Page
    - [ ] Project: Todo List
  - [ ] JavaScript in the Real World
  - [ ] Asynchronous JavaScript and APIs
    - [ ] Project: Weather App
  - [ ] A Bit of Computer Science
    - [ ] Project: Recursion
    - [ ] Project: Linked Lists
    - [ ] Project: HashMap
    - [ ] Project: Binary Search Tree
    - [ ] Project: Knights Travails
  - [ ] Intermediate Git
  - [ ] Testing JavaScript
    - [ ] Project: Testing Practice
    - [ ] Project: Battleship
  - [ ] Finishing Up with JavaScript
- [ ] Advanced HTML and CSS
  - [ ] Animation
  - [ ] Accessibility
  - [ ] Responsive Design
    - [ ] Project: Homepage
- [ ] React
  - [ ] Introduction
  - [ ] Getting Started with React
  - [ ] States and Effects
    - [ ] Project: CV Application
    - [ ] Project: Memory Card
  - [ ] Class Components
  - [ ] React Testing
  - [ ] The React Ecosystem
    - [ ] Project: Shopping Card
  - [ ] More React Concepts
  - [ ] Conclusion
- [ ] Databases
  - [ ] Databases
    - [ ] Project: SQL Zoo
- [ ] NodeJS
  - [ ] Introduction to NodeJS
    - [ ] Project: Basic Informational Site
  - [ ] Express
    - [ ] Project: Mini Message Board
    - [ ] Project: Inventory Application
  - [ ] Authentication
    - [ ] Project: Members Only
  - [ ] ORMs
    - [ ] Project: File Uploader
  - [ ] APIs
    - [ ] Project: Blog API
  - [ ] Testing Express
  - [ ] Full Stack Projects
    - [ ] Project: Where's Waldo (A Photo Tagging App)
    - [ ] Project: Messaging App
  - [ ] FINAL PROJECT
    - [ ] Project: Odin-Book
- [ ] Getting Hired
  - [ ] Preparing for Your Job Search
    - [ ] Project: Building Your Personal Website
  - [ ] Applying to and Interviewing for Jobs
    - [ ] Project: Building Your Resume

## Resources

### Online Courses

- [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org)
- [edX](https://www.edx.org)
- [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com)
- [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com)

### Tutorials

- [Learn to Code HTML & CSS](https://learn.shayhowe.com) by Shay Howe
- [W3Schools Online Web Tutorials](https://www.w3schools.com)
- [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)

### Coding Challenges

- [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io)

### Tools

- [The W3C Markup Validation Service](https://validator.w3.org)
- [WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool](https://wave.webaim.org)
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com), CSS framework
- [Git](https://git-scm.com), version control system
- [Visual Studio Code](https://wptavern.com), text editor
- [Local](https://localwp.com), local WordPress development

### Documentation

- [WebAIM's WCAG 2 Checklist](https://webaim.org/standards/wcag/checklist)
- [GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/github)
- [WordPress Developer Resources](https://developer.wordpress.org)

### Blogs

- [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/)
- [WordPress Tavern](https://wptavern.com)

### Podcasts

- [Learn to Code With Me](https://learntocodewith.me/podcast/) with Laurence Bradford
- [CodeNewbie](https://www.codenewbie.org/podcast) with Saron Yitbarek

### Books

- [A Mind For Numbers: How to Excel at Math and Science](https://barbaraoakley.com/books/a-mind-for-numbers/) by Barbara Oakley

## Acknowledgements

This project is inspired by Syk Houdeib's [Learning Tracker](https://github.com/Syknapse/My-Learning-Tracker), by Alexander Kallaway's [#100DaysOfCode Challenge](https://github.com/kallaway/100-days-of-code), and by Shovan Chatterjee's [Full Stack Web Developer Path](https://github.com/shovanch/fullstack-web-developer-path).

I found Syk Houdeib's [Learning Tracker](https://github.com/Syknapse/My-Learning-Tracker) through his post for freeCodeCamp [How I switches career and got a developer job in 10 months: a true story](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-i-switched-careers-and-got-a-developer-job-in-10-months-a-true-story-b8895e855a8b/).

## Note

- If you like this repo and find it useful, please consider starring it &#9733; (on the top right of the page).
- If you would like to use it as a template to track your own learning, you can fork the repo and customize the files to your own needs.

Commit message:

Add links for course sections in The Odin Project

README.md, after:

# Learning Tracker

Tracking my technical skills, my coding projects, my course work, and helpful resources for learning web development and computer programming to plan, document, and share my progress.

Learning logs:
[April 2020](https://github.com/SabineEmden/learning-tracker/blob/master/learning-logs/2020April.md) |
[March 2020](https://github.com/SabineEmden/learning-tracker/blob/master/learning-logs/2020March.md) |
[February 2020](https://github.com/SabineEmden/learning-tracker/blob/master/learning-logs/2020February.md)

## Technical Skills

| Skill                 | Level                |
| --------------------- | -------------------- |
| HTML                  | :bulb: :bulb: :bulb: |
| CSS                   | :bulb: :bulb:        |
| JavaScript            | :bulb:               |
| Astro                 | :bulb:               |
| Responsive Web Design | :bulb: :bulb:        |
| Web Accessibility     | :bulb: :bulb:        |
| Command Line          | :bulb: :bulb:        |
| Git                   | :bulb: :bulb:        |
| GitHub                | :bulb: :bulb:        |
| Figma                 | :bulb:               |
| Agile Methodologies   | :bulb:               |

## Coding Projects

### Portfolio Website

_Completed_

https://sabineemden.github.io

Design and implement a responsive website for a minimum of two platforms while adhering to validation and accessibility standards.

Skills used: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap 4, responsive web design, web accessibility

Course project: Web Design for Everybody Capstone

[GitHub repository](https://github.com/SabineEmden/SabineEmden.github.io)

## Coursework

### The Odin Project

I'm following the [Full Stack JavaScript](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript) learning path in [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/about). Below I have listed the courses, course sections, and projects, with links to the overview pages for the courses and the GitHub repos for my finished projects.

- [x] [Foundations](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations)
  - [x] Introduction
  - [x] Prerequisites
  - [x] Git Basics
  - [x] HTML Foundations
    - [x] Project: [Recipes](https://github.com/SabineEmden/odin-recipes)
  - [x] CSS Foundations
  - [x] Flexbox
    - [x] Project: [Landing Page](https://github.com/SabineEmden/odin-landing-page)
  - [x] JavaScript Basics
    - [x] Project: [Rock Paper Scissors](https://github.com/SabineEmden/rock-paper-scissors)
    - [x] Project: [Etch-a-Sketch](https://github.com/SabineEmden/etch-a-sketch)
    - [x] Project: [Calculator](https://github.com/SabineEmden/calculator)
  - [x] Conclusion
- [ ] [Intermediate HTML and CSS](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/intermediate-html-and-css)
  - [x] Intermediate HTML Concepts
  - [x] Intermediate CSS Concepts
  - [x] Forms
    - [x] Project: [Sign-up Form](https://github.com/SabineEmden/odin-sign-up-form)
  - [ ] Grid
    - [ ] Project: Admin Dashboard
- [ ] [JavaScript](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/intermediate-html-and-css)
  - [ ] Introduction
  - [ ] Organizing Your JavaScript Code
    - [ ] Project: Library
    - [ ] Project: Tic Tac Toe
    - [ ] Project: Restaurant Page
    - [ ] Project: Todo List
  - [ ] JavaScript in the Real World
  - [ ] Asynchronous JavaScript and APIs
    - [ ] Project: Weather App
  - [ ] A Bit of Computer Science
    - [ ] Project: Recursion
    - [ ] Project: Linked Lists
    - [ ] Project: HashMap
    - [ ] Project: Binary Search Tree
    - [ ] Project: Knights Travails
  - [ ] Intermediate Git
  - [ ] Testing JavaScript
    - [ ] Project: Testing Practice
    - [ ] Project: Battleship
  - [ ] Finishing Up with JavaScript
- [ ] [Advanced HTML and CSS](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/advanced-html-and-css)
  - [ ] Animation
  - [ ] Accessibility
  - [ ] Responsive Design
    - [ ] Project: Homepage
- [ ] [React](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/react)
  - [ ] Introduction
  - [ ] Getting Started with React
  - [ ] States and Effects
    - [ ] Project: CV Application
    - [ ] Project: Memory Card
  - [ ] Class Components
  - [ ] React Testing
  - [ ] The React Ecosystem
    - [ ] Project: Shopping Card
  - [ ] More React Concepts
  - [ ] Conclusion
- [ ] [Databases](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/databases)
  - [ ] Databases
    - [ ] Project: SQL Zoo
- [ ] [NodeJS](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/nodejs)
  - [ ] Introduction to NodeJS
    - [ ] Project: Basic Informational Site
  - [ ] Express
    - [ ] Project: Mini Message Board
    - [ ] Project: Inventory Application
  - [ ] Authentication
    - [ ] Project: Members Only
  - [ ] ORMs
    - [ ] Project: File Uploader
  - [ ] APIs
    - [ ] Project: Blog API
  - [ ] Testing Express
  - [ ] Full Stack Projects
    - [ ] Project: Where's Waldo (A Photo Tagging App)
    - [ ] Project: Messaging App
  - [ ] FINAL PROJECT
    - [ ] Project: Odin-Book
- [ ] [Getting Hired](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/getting-hired)
  - [ ] Preparing for Your Job Search
    - [ ] Project: Building Your Personal Website
  - [ ] Applying to and Interviewing for Jobs
    - [ ] Project: Building Your Resume

## Resources

### Online Courses

- [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org)
- [edX](https://www.edx.org)
- [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com)
- [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com)

### Tutorials

- [Learn to Code HTML & CSS](https://learn.shayhowe.com) by Shay Howe
- [W3Schools Online Web Tutorials](https://www.w3schools.com)
- [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)

### Coding Challenges

- [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io)

### Tools

- [The W3C Markup Validation Service](https://validator.w3.org)
- [WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool](https://wave.webaim.org)
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com), CSS framework
- [Git](https://git-scm.com), version control system
- [Visual Studio Code](https://wptavern.com), text editor
- [Local](https://localwp.com), local WordPress development

### Documentation

- [WebAIM's WCAG 2 Checklist](https://webaim.org/standards/wcag/checklist)
- [GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/github)
- [WordPress Developer Resources](https://developer.wordpress.org)

### Blogs

- [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/)
- [WordPress Tavern](https://wptavern.com)

### Podcasts

- [Learn to Code With Me](https://learntocodewith.me/podcast/) with Laurence Bradford
- [CodeNewbie](https://www.codenewbie.org/podcast) with Saron Yitbarek

### Books

- [A Mind For Numbers: How to Excel at Math and Science](https://barbaraoakley.com/books/a-mind-for-numbers/) by Barbara Oakley

## Acknowledgements

This project is inspired by Syk Houdeib's [Learning Tracker](https://github.com/Syknapse/My-Learning-Tracker), by Alexander Kallaway's [#100DaysOfCode Challenge](https://github.com/kallaway/100-days-of-code), and by Shovan Chatterjee's [Full Stack Web Developer Path](https://github.com/shovanch/fullstack-web-developer-path).

I found Syk Houdeib's [Learning Tracker](https://github.com/Syknapse/My-Learning-Tracker) through his post for freeCodeCamp [How I switches career and got a developer job in 10 months: a true story](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-i-switched-careers-and-got-a-developer-job-in-10-months-a-true-story-b8895e855a8b/).

## Note

- If you like this repo and find it useful, please consider starring it &#9733; (on the top right of the page).
- If you would like to use it as a template to track your own learning, you can fork the repo and customize the files to your own needs.
