learning-logs/100-days-of-code-Feb2026.md, before:

# 100 Days of Code - February 2026

My goal for this 100-Days-of-Code challenge is to build projects and gain coding practice by solving challenges provided by [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/). This is in addition to working through the curriculum of [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/about) to learn full-stack JavaScript web development.

## Day 0: Sunday, February 1, 2026

**I commit to coding for at least an hour every day for the next 100 days.**

- I will push code to GitHub every day so anyone can see my progress.
- I wil update this learning log with the day's progress and a link the project I worked on.
- I will work on projects that mirror real-world development work.
- Time spend on tutorials, online courses, and similar resources&mdash;including articles in the Frontend Mentor learning paths and lessons in The Odin Project&mdash;will NOT count towards this challenge.

## Day 1: Monday, February 2, 2026

I worked on [3-column preview card component](https://github.com/SabineEmden/fm-3-column-preview-card-component).

- Set up GitHub repository and deployed project on GitHub Pages.
- Structured content with HTML, added icons and links.
- Set up CSS stylesheet, added CSS reset and CSS variables for colors.
- Next is typography.

## Day 2: Tuesday, February 3, 2026

I worked on [3-column preview card component](https://github.com/SabineEmden/fm-3-column-preview-card-component).

- Downloaded font files from Google Fonts.
- Subset fonts to Basic Latin and converted files from TTF to WOFF2.
- Added font files to the project.

This took much longer than I had planned. I had taken a deep dive into web sustainability best practices for typography for my Frontend Mentor [QR code component solution](https://github.com/SabineEmden/qr-code-component) but needed a refresher. Fortunately, I found all the information I needed in the READMEs for my previous projects.

## Day 3: Wednesday, February 4, 2026

I worked on [3-column preview card component](https://github.com/SabineEmden/fm-3-column-preview-card-component).

- Added font-face declarations.
- Centered card component on page.
- Styled attribution in page footer.
- Styled card component for mobile view.
- Next is styling buttons.

## Day 4: Thursday, February, 5, 2026

I worked on [3-column preview card component](https://github.com/SabineEmden/fm-3-column-preview-card-component).

- Styled buttons in default and hover states.
- Added rounded corners to card.
- Added tablet and desktop designs with breakpoints.
- Next are HTML validation and accessibility testing.

Commit message:

Update log for Day 5 of 100 Days of Code

learning-logs/100-days-of-code-Feb2026.md, after:

# 100 Days of Code - February 2026

My goal for this 100-Days-of-Code challenge is to build projects and gain coding practice by solving challenges provided by [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/). This is in addition to working through the curriculum of [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/about) to learn full-stack JavaScript web development.

## Day 0: Sunday, February 1, 2026

**I commit to coding for at least an hour every day for the next 100 days.**

- I will push code to GitHub every day so anyone can see my progress.
- I wil update this learning log with the day's progress and a link the project I worked on.
- I will work on projects that mirror real-world development work.
- Time spend on tutorials, online courses, and similar resources&mdash;including articles in the Frontend Mentor learning paths and lessons in The Odin Project&mdash;will NOT count towards this challenge.

## Day 1: Monday, February 2, 2026

I worked on [3-column preview card component](https://github.com/SabineEmden/fm-3-column-preview-card-component).

- Set up GitHub repository and deployed project on GitHub Pages.
- Structured content with HTML, added icons and links.
- Set up CSS stylesheet, added CSS reset and CSS variables for colors.
- Next is typography.

## Day 2: Tuesday, February 3, 2026

I worked on [3-column preview card component](https://github.com/SabineEmden/fm-3-column-preview-card-component).

- Downloaded font files from Google Fonts.
- Subset fonts to Basic Latin and converted files from TTF to WOFF2.
- Added font files to the project.

This took much longer than I had planned. I had taken a deep dive into web sustainability best practices for typography for my Frontend Mentor [QR code component solution](https://github.com/SabineEmden/qr-code-component) but needed a refresher. Fortunately, I found all the information I needed in the READMEs for my previous projects.

## Day 3: Wednesday, February 4, 2026

I worked on [3-column preview card component](https://github.com/SabineEmden/fm-3-column-preview-card-component).

- Added font-face declarations.
- Centered card component on page.
- Styled attribution in page footer.
- Styled card component for mobile view.
- Next is styling buttons.

## Day 4: Thursday, February 5, 2026

I worked on [3-column preview card component](https://github.com/SabineEmden/fm-3-column-preview-card-component).

- Styled buttons in default and hover states.
- Added rounded corners to card.
- Added tablet and desktop designs with breakpoints.
- Next are HTML validation and accessibility testing.

## Day 5: Friday, February 6, 2026

I worked on [3-column preview card component](https://github.com/SabineEmden/fm-3-column-preview-card-component).

- Added flexbox to card sections to align buttons.
- Tested larger browser font sizes and zoom for web accessibility.
- Checked HTML code with HTML validator.
- Wrote custom README.
- Next is submitting my solution on the Frontend Mentor platform.
