# December 2018

## Goals

- [ ] Complete Web Design for Everybody Specialization
- [ ] Review first course of Python for Everybody Specialization
- [ ] Complete second course of Python for Everybody Specialization

## Daily Log

### Thursday, December 13, 2018

100DaysOfCode R1D4

I added the finishing touches to my portfolio site. I had to replace the screen shot of the site in the Projects section after I changed the background color for the body element. At first, the new image didn't show up on the deployed site. It turned out all I had to do was to wait (I guess for the host server to update its files). The problem resolved itself while I make dough for Christmas cookies. Sometimes stepping away from your computer can be the best thing you can do.

I finally added this monthly log for December to my learning tracker. Today is **not** the first day I have been coding this month.


### Friday, December 14, 2018

100DaysOfCode R1D5

I made new screen shots of my portfolio site and added them to the written project description. The screen shots I had before didn't work because the resolution was too low. I also added code for the four advanced features, the fixed top navbar, Font Awesome icons, and the image carousel, and accessibility, to the document and made a few other tweaks. I exported the document from Ulysses to a pdf file. This time the result looks good enough to submit it.

I submitted the Web Design for Everybody capstone project for grading and reviewed the work of three of my classmates. Now all I have to do to complete the Specialization is to wait for my final grade. I'm glad I'm done with it. There are three more hours of prerecorded office hours that I haven't watched yet. I'm going to pass on them.