learning-logs/2025-weekly-checkins.md, before:

# Weekly Check-ins 2025

## Week 1: December 30, 2024 through January 5, 2025

### Recap

This was the second and final week I took time off from learning web development to celebrate Christmas and the New Year, to reflect on 2024 and to plan for 2025.

### Highs

I revived my learning tracker on GitHub. It's a relict from one of my earlier attempts at learning web development and my repo with the most stars (or I would have already deleted it). One of my New Year's resolutions is to post weekly check-in on the Discord Server of The Odin Project. The learning tracker give me a place to keep a public record of these check-ins.

### Lows

I felt a lot of resistance again filling out the template for my end-of-year reflection for 2024. I will have to take some more time to make peace with the past year.

### Shout-outs

**Matthias Ott** and his newsletter [Own Your Web - Issue 17: Jump Start](https://buttondown.com/ownyourweb/archive/issue-17/) inspired my to revive my learning tracker.

I used [Jahresreflexion 2024](https://einguterplan.de/jahresreflexion/) (in German) by **Jan Lenarz** for Ein guter Verlag for my end-of-year annual reflection.

## Week 2: January 6, 2025 through January 12, 2025

### Recap

I did not go back to coding and learning web development yet but took some time to focus on my mindfulness practice. And I finished my end-of-year reflection for 2024.

On Friday evening, we got measurable amounts of snow in central North Carolina for the first time in almost three years.

### Highs

I was able to fight off a respiratory virus and didn't get any cold symptoms.

### Lows

I had to cancel all my plans for the weekend, on Saturday due to weather, on Sunday because I didn't want to risk spreading the virus I was fighting off.

### Shout-outs

I'm grateful for [seasonal flu vaccines](https://www.cdc.gov/flu/vaccines/keyfacts.html). Me getting my flu shot last fall could be a major reason why I didn't get sick this week.

## Week 3: January 13, 2025 through January 19, 2025

### Recap

I resumed my work on [Project: Admin Dashboard](https://github.com/SabineEmden/odin-admin-dashboard) for The Odin Project. It's almost finished. All I have left to do are some updates to the README.

I had oral surgery on Tuesday to get a tooth pulled.

### Highs

Over the course of my work on the Admin Dashboard, I spent a lot of time on the SVG icons, making them interactive and accessible. I'm pleased with the results.

### Lows

I got a sore throat on Saturday and had to cancel all my plans for the weekend again.

### Shout-outs

My dentist's office has a eclectic list of foods to eat after dental surgery. Among other things, they recommend crème brûlée, cupcakes, key lime pie, cheesecake, clams, and egg nog.

## Week 4: January 20, 2025 through January 26, 2025

### Recap

I didn't write a single line of code this week. I didn't even open my laptop.

### Highs

My sore throat finally started to get better on Wednesday. I'm not sure whether it was a cold or an adverse reaction to the antibiotic I took after I had dental surgery last week.

### Lows

I was feeling pretty miserable for the first half of the week. My sore and irritated throat gave me coughing fits.

I missed the first session of the GRC spring training program on Thursday. The session on Tuesday got canceled because of snow.

### Shout-outs

I'm excited to start training with the [Greensboro Running Club (GRC)](https://runsignup.com/MemberOrg/GreensboroRunningClub). The goal race for the 10-week spring training program are the [Only Fools Run 5K and 10K](https://runsignup.com/Race/NC/Greensboro/OnlyFoolsRunHalfMarathonand10K) on March 29, 2025.

## Week 5: January 27, 2025 through February 2, 2025

### Recap

I completed [Project: Admin ](https://github.com/SabineEmden/odin-admin-dashboard) and the [Intermediate HTML and CSS ](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/intermediate-html-and-css) of The Odin Project.

The next course on the [Full Stack JavaScript](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript) learning path by The Odin Project is the [JavaScript Course](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/javascript). I'm planning a 100 Days of Code Challenge for it.

### Highs

I'm glad I finally finished the Intermediate HTML and CSS Course. It took much longer than I had anticipated.

### Lows

I had hoped I could start the 100 Days of Code Challenge on Monday, February 3. A big part of my plan is to share my daily progress on my Mastodon account. I'm in the middle of moving my account to a new server and need more time to finish the account transfer.

### Shout-outs

I'm using the project planner [Ein gutes Projekt](https://einguterplan.de/eingutesprojekt/) for the 100 Days of Code Challenge.

## Week 6: February 3, 2025 through February 9, 2025

### Recap

I transferred my [Mastodon account](https://social.tchncs.de/@sabineemden) to a new server and finished all planning and preparations for my [100 Days of Code Challenge, JavaScript Edition](https://github.com/SabineEmden/learning-tracker/blob/master/learning-logs/100-days-of-code-js.md).

### Highs

I'm happy with my new home on Mastodon, [social.techncs.de](https://social.tchncs.de/public/local). I like the local timeline and, more importantly, the moderation guidelines, and the fact that the server is based in Germany.

### Lows

The current political situation both here in the United States, where I live, and in Germany, where I vote, is making it difficult for me to stay grounded.

### Shout-out

[Finding steady ground](https://www.findingsteadyground.com/) is a website with tips for building resilience in a challenging political climate.

## Week 7: February 10, 2025 through February 16, 2025

###

I started the [100 Days of Code Challenge, JavaScript Edition](https://github.com/SabineEmden/learning-tracker/blob/master/learning-logs/100-days-of-code-js.md).

I started the [JavaScript Course](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/javascript) on the [Full Stack JavaScript](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript) learning path of The Odin Project. I finished the first four lessons and started the first project, [Project: Library](https://github.com/SabineEmden/odin-library).

I also started the [Getting Job Ready](https://www.frontendmentor.io/learning-paths/getting-job-ready-D1Oy0wCxWj) learning path on Frontend Mentor and followed the tips to optimize my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/SabineEmden).

### Highs

I enjoy working on Project: Library for The Odin Project.

The Frontend Mentor learning path had some good tips for customizing my profile README on GitHub. The README files for my repos were already in pretty good shape thanks to the README template that comes with all Frontend Mentor challenges.

### Lows

I still struggle with working at a sustainable pace and avoiding burnout.

There was lots of rain with temperatures just above freezing. The Greensboro Running Club canceled their training session on Tuesday due to inclement weather. On Thursday, I was one of only three participants who showed up for speed work.

### Shout-outs

[Kedasha Kerr](https://itsthatlady.dev/) has a great [GitHub repo](https://github.com/LadyKerr/profilereadme) with a template for a GitHub profile README and links to additional resources.

Commit message:

Add weekly review for week 8

learning-logs/2025-weekly-checkins.md, after:

# Weekly Check-ins 2025

## Week 1: December 30, 2024 through January 5, 2025

### Recap

This was the second and final week I took time off from learning web development to celebrate Christmas and the New Year, to reflect on 2024 and to plan for 2025.

### Highs

I revived my learning tracker on GitHub. It's a relict from one of my earlier attempts at learning web development and my repo with the most stars (or I would have already deleted it). One of my New Year's resolutions is to post weekly check-in on the Discord Server of The Odin Project. The learning tracker give me a place to keep a public record of these check-ins.

### Lows

I felt a lot of resistance again filling out the template for my end-of-year reflection for 2024. I will have to take some more time to make peace with the past year.

### Shout-outs

**Matthias Ott** and his newsletter [Own Your Web - Issue 17: Jump Start](https://buttondown.com/ownyourweb/archive/issue-17/) inspired my to revive my learning tracker.

I used [Jahresreflexion 2024](https://einguterplan.de/jahresreflexion/) (in German) by **Jan Lenarz** for Ein guter Verlag for my end-of-year annual reflection.

## Week 2: January 6, 2025 through January 12, 2025

### Recap

I did not go back to coding and learning web development yet but took some time to focus on my mindfulness practice. And I finished my end-of-year reflection for 2024.

On Friday evening, we got measurable amounts of snow in central North Carolina for the first time in almost three years.

### Highs

I was able to fight off a respiratory virus and didn't get any cold symptoms.

### Lows

I had to cancel all my plans for the weekend, on Saturday due to weather, on Sunday because I didn't want to risk spreading the virus I was fighting off.

### Shout-outs

I'm grateful for [seasonal flu vaccines](https://www.cdc.gov/flu/vaccines/keyfacts.html). Me getting my flu shot last fall could be a major reason why I didn't get sick this week.

## Week 3: January 13, 2025 through January 19, 2025

### Recap

I resumed my work on [Project: Admin Dashboard](https://github.com/SabineEmden/odin-admin-dashboard) for The Odin Project. It's almost finished. All I have left to do are some updates to the README.

I had oral surgery on Tuesday to get a tooth pulled.

### Highs

Over the course of my work on the Admin Dashboard, I spent a lot of time on the SVG icons, making them interactive and accessible. I'm pleased with the results.

### Lows

I got a sore throat on Saturday and had to cancel all my plans for the weekend again.

### Shout-outs

My dentist's office has a eclectic list of foods to eat after dental surgery. Among other things, they recommend crème brûlée, cupcakes, key lime pie, cheesecake, clams, and egg nog.

## Week 4: January 20, 2025 through January 26, 2025

### Recap

I didn't write a single line of code this week. I didn't even open my laptop.

### Highs

My sore throat finally started to get better on Wednesday. I'm not sure whether it was a cold or an adverse reaction to the antibiotic I took after I had dental surgery last week.

### Lows

I was feeling pretty miserable for the first half of the week. My sore and irritated throat gave me coughing fits.

I missed the first session of the GRC spring training program on Thursday. The session on Tuesday got canceled because of snow.

### Shout-outs

I'm excited to start training with the [Greensboro Running Club (GRC)](https://runsignup.com/MemberOrg/GreensboroRunningClub). The goal race for the 10-week spring training program are the [Only Fools Run 5K and 10K](https://runsignup.com/Race/NC/Greensboro/OnlyFoolsRunHalfMarathonand10K) on March 29, 2025.

## Week 5: January 27, 2025 through February 2, 2025

### Recap

I completed [Project: Admin ](https://github.com/SabineEmden/odin-admin-dashboard) and the [Intermediate HTML and CSS ](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/intermediate-html-and-css) of The Odin Project.

The next course on the [Full Stack JavaScript](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript) learning path by The Odin Project is the [JavaScript Course](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/javascript). I'm planning a 100 Days of Code Challenge for it.

### Highs

I'm glad I finally finished the Intermediate HTML and CSS Course. It took much longer than I had anticipated.

### Lows

I had hoped I could start the 100 Days of Code Challenge on Monday, February 3. A big part of my plan is to share my daily progress on my Mastodon account. I'm in the middle of moving my account to a new server and need more time to finish the account transfer.

### Shout-outs

I'm using the project planner [Ein gutes Projekt](https://einguterplan.de/eingutesprojekt/) for the 100 Days of Code Challenge.

## Week 6: February 3, 2025 through February 9, 2025

### Recap

I transferred my [Mastodon account](https://social.tchncs.de/@sabineemden) to a new server and finished all planning and preparations for my [100 Days of Code Challenge, JavaScript Edition](https://github.com/SabineEmden/learning-tracker/blob/master/learning-logs/100-days-of-code-js.md).

### Highs

I'm happy with my new home on Mastodon, [social.techncs.de](https://social.tchncs.de/public/local). I like the local timeline and, more importantly, the moderation guidelines, and the fact that the server is based in Germany.

### Lows

The current political situation both here in the United States, where I live, and in Germany, where I vote, is making it difficult for me to stay grounded.

### Shout-out

[Finding steady ground](https://www.findingsteadyground.com/) is a website with tips for building resilience in a challenging political climate.

## Week 7: February 10, 2025 through February 16, 2025

### Recap

I started the [100 Days of Code Challenge, JavaScript Edition](https://github.com/SabineEmden/learning-tracker/blob/master/learning-logs/100-days-of-code-js.md).

I started the [JavaScript Course](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/javascript) on the [Full Stack JavaScript](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript) learning path of The Odin Project. I finished the first four lessons and started the first project, [Project: Library](https://github.com/SabineEmden/odin-library).

I also started the [Getting Job Ready](https://www.frontendmentor.io/learning-paths/getting-job-ready-D1Oy0wCxWj) learning path on Frontend Mentor and followed the tips to optimize my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/SabineEmden).

### Highs

I enjoy working on Project: Library for The Odin Project.

The Frontend Mentor learning path had some good tips for customizing my profile README on GitHub. The README files for my repos were already in pretty good shape thanks to the README template that comes with all Frontend Mentor challenges.

### Lows

I still struggle with working at a sustainable pace and avoiding burnout.

There was lots of rain with temperatures just above freezing. The Greensboro Running Club canceled their training session on Tuesday due to inclement weather. On Thursday, I was one of only three participants who showed up for speed work.

### Shout-outs

[Kedasha Kerr](https://itsthatlady.dev/) has a great [GitHub repo](https://github.com/LadyKerr/profilereadme) with a template for a GitHub profile README and links to additional resources.

## Week 8: February 17, 2025 through February 23, 2025

### Recap

I only worked on the JavaScript course for The Odin Project and Project: Library on two out of five days, and only for about 40 minutes on each day.

### Highs

I decided to take weekends off from learning JavaScript. I feel this is a good choice and necessary for developing a sustainable schedule.

### Lows

I'm still struggling with finding a sustainable balance between productivity and self-care.

### Shout-outs

Ein guter Verlag has very helpful resources on self-care and mindfulness on their [blog](https://einguterplan.de/blog/) (in German).
